November 27th, 2022. Sunday, 2 am. Text written by "radio." It is not a proper "review" of the albums, since it only discusses what I liked. By my definition, a review would include an evaluation. Although subjective, one would try to take on a neutral view of the medium and measure quality according to the factors that matter to the reviewer (me) or possible users of the medium, but I digress. This definition is loose, but that's what it means in this context. Therefore, I did not review the albums. I did not state strengths and weaknesses, but my positive impressions.

The Power and the Glory by Gentle Giant is a unique progressive rock album with very catchy and captivating melodies. Each song is a strong entry. The callback in the second half is a great touch that ties the theme together. The cohesiveness of the tone makes this album a solid one from start to finish. I listened to it multiple times. Many prog rock albums feel ahead of their time. I love songs where a lot is happening, going from section to section, rather than a droning repetition. I can definitley enjoy and love the latter if done well, of course. I do not limit myself when enjoying music.

Folk is one of the many genres that I deeply love, so it is only fair to talk about the beautiful classic by Nick Drake. Drake managed to create complex tracks with only an acoustic guitar, and occasionaly with a gorgeous backing of cello. The artistry is admirable, and I would like to listen to the album again. I do not have much else to say about the album, other than the fact that I slightly prefer it to his other two, because sometimes less is more. Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy his other works.

Besides that, it saddens me to see photos of him. There is often a sad air surrounding music of artists who have passed away young. Unlike other famous artists, Nick Drake wasn't in his booming prime as a musician when he passed away, which adds a painful tinge if you think about it while listening to the music.

Pink Moon is a more haunting record than his other works, but it holds the same flavour to them in terms of song-writing, but with a richer sound and generally sadder lyrics. Tracks 5 to 9 were especially interesting to me. The flavour comment is stating the obvious, but to rephrase, I meant that one can essentially pick out what makes a Nick Drake song a Nick Drake song after listening to many tracks, because that is maintained over his studio albums.

Regardless of record, the best part is its core: the soft, warm singing, and the beautiful progressions. Sentiment and feelings surrounding untimely death aside, I would state, objectively, that the man was skilled at guitar and was a great writer. The melodies are tastefully written. Something I learned from listening to Nirvana is that being able to write a great melody is just as important as being able to write an interesting or complex song. In the case of Nick Drake's first and third records, this was predominately guitar and nothing else, yet the resulting music is beautiful, rich, and interesting. I plan on listening to his cover compilation album.

Next up, I also listened to Bjork. I don't think there is much to be said, as it would echo what countless critics have already said. I listened to four of her earlier albums, and I loved them all.

I listened to Pink Floyd in this order: Ummagumma, Atom Heart Mother, then their iconic record. Despite the negativity it gets for straying from prog to experimental, I loved Ummagumma, but I found it to be more of a record to be experienced than listened to as music, but I'm down to that, and enjoy such works (a lot). The musical parts of the album were amazing. I don't have much to say about AHM, because I don't remember much. I will have to hear it again.

I listened to The Dark Side of the Moon twice to make sure that I absorb it fully, and it's as amazing as they say. I wouldn't say that it is *the* best prog album that I've ever heard, but it was a very wonderful ride. Without a doubt, besides the clever intrsumentation itself, the seamless transitions between the tracks was heavenly. My jaw dropped several times. I loved this album more on my second listen, because I paid better attention, but the second half won me over on the first listen. If I listen to it again, it would in full, rather than individual tracks.

Raise Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven by Godspeed You! Black Emperor is one of the most beautiful works I've ever heard, others being In the Court of the Crimson King by King Crimson and two albums by The Fall of Troy. I don't think I can put my feelings to words. It is an incredibly unique work. I've actually listened to half of this album before, but didn't finish it until this week (of course, I started over.) No matter how many times I listen to it, the song Sleep transports me somewhere else, and I truly never get tired of the part leading up the drum fill at 16:49. It such a beautiful moment at and after it, and my favourite on the album.

I will now briefly talk about two more albums.

I discovered Motionless by Chokebore while browsing the 90s TV website (https://www.my90stv.com). One of the channels was playing the album, and I was interested. I immediately listened to the full thing, and I loved every track on it. It's a very underrated work. To be fair, its sound isn't out of ordinary for its time, but that doesn't make it any less of a great record. I enjoyed it very much. I would like to hear it again sometime.

To wrap things up, I want to state that I have mad respect for Jimi Hendrix. Hendrix has been talked about to death, but what can I say? He's amazing.

Hey. Actually, instead of focusing on a few, I will try to highlight lesser known albums in the future. I did now with Motionless. Another is Power and the Passion by Eloy. It's 70s' prog. Like TDSOTM, the transitions on this album are a strength. It is melodically beautiful, too. I listened to it again now, and I love it still. I will share the list of albums from the past two weeks soon, maybe by the end of the month.
