    I will use this page to express whatever I want to, especially thoughts I have a lot and want to discuss,
    given that nobody in my life is down to ever having a discussion. I want to keep it minimal as the words
    are more important than the look, but with a bit of CSS, I wanted it to look comfortable to read. This
    page was ironically inspired by the No-CSS club. I originally wanted to write pure pages for my thoughts,
    with zero styling. I already had the habit of storing thoughts in plaintext files, and when I saw its
    potentional in websites, I wanted to do the same. However, when I created this file and was greeted by
    Neocities' placeholder code, I realized that I liked my default style (mute background plus page margins).
    I avoided JavaScript as well, as I deem it to be excessive.
    
    As for my audience, I know who they are. It's people who think similarly to me, or otherwise anyone who
    thinks too deeply about everything. I consider it a curse of some sorts but we'll see where it takes me.
    
    The internet is wide, so not everyone who comes across this will understand me, and if they do, they could
    disagree. Thing is, I'd like that. I appreciate disagreements as they get me out of my head. I love getting
    insight into how others think if it differs from my own thinking. I'm sick of living inside of my head, so
    this is a great outlet. Ideas exist to be shared in a way, whether directly or through application and
    implementation, or however you want to put it. Like I've said before, my online existence isn't worth more
    or less than anyone else's, and my opinions aren't anything special, but I think and I need to put use into
    these thoughts. Thinking alone won't change a thing in my life, but it sure makes the days more eventful
    than they really are. My life wouldn't have looked the same if it weren't for my understanding of it being
    the way it is. I've seen people whose lenses I want to share, people who, when you look through their eyes,
    refresh my vision. For some of them, I'd love to see life the way they do, but only for a little while, as
    changing something so big about myelf won't make me the *me* I know anymore.
    
    Enjoy.