  I recently changed the email shared on the site, so heads up for that unless
  you never contacted me on the previous address (radiohotline pm.me). If you
  still have my ****onproton@proton.me address, you can keep that, because I
  still use it. Honestly, if there's any provider I want to use, it's RiseUp.
  
  The only issue with Disroot is that you have to encrypt your own emails, and
  while this isn't a problem, given I know how to, I might forget to, or I
  might be communicating with someone who doesn't use PGP, and who wouldn't
  want to go through the hassle of decrypting mine or encrypting theirs, or
  whatever. Anyway, RiseUp emails are encrypted, so there's an extra layer
  of security. The problem is that I can't get an invite code.
  
  However, I don't use email much, and I have nothing that I am trying to
  protect. It's just good practice to get into the habit of keeping all of my
  comms secure, because who knows how bad the world could get?
  
  To close this up, my email change should only matter to people who are in
  or want to join one of my two webrings, since that's where the old email
  was displayed. Well, it's not like there is anyone who personally contacts
  me through email, anyway.
  
  Oh right, if you have a RiseUp code, I would appreciate one unless you don't
  trust me or something. I could wait this one out. It's just a matter of
  feeling more comfortable with a provider whose views align with mine,
  knowing that my communications would be safe in case I express any opinions.
  
  Speaking of, if you've ever saved my public key, you should replace that.
  I put back my old key. I doubt anyone did, but it's just an extra measure.
  
  (Extra note, but using these files to speak my thoughts is a lot more
  comfortable than declaring things on my Neocities profile. I don't really
  like using the comment system much as it puts me "out there." I was going
  to declare the email switch over there, but that would be very "in your face."
  Nobody cares. I don't, either. Dunno who does.)
  
  Addition:
  The only reason I'm not terminating the protonmail address that I'm keeping
  is because I still use it on some accounts, so I need a while to change it
  on every one before deleting the email. I've been meaning to switch away
  from Proton for a long time, actually, but have only postponed it because,
  again, I don't talk to anyone, but I was aware of them working with
  authorities when it comes to VPN. I didn't care, but honestly even though
  I'm not involved with anything suspicious, I don't trust them.
  
  I suddently remembered that the email I use most is actually freaking Gmail.
  For various reasons, I'm not going to do anything about that.