    It's true. A number that doesn't end with a zero or a five won't kill you.
    I've recently come to terms with the fact that nobody will kill me
    (figuratively) for using precise values in my code if they don't change by
    increments of five.
    
    Numbers are numbers. That's all they are.
    
    
    Responses (paraphrased).
    
    Jan 28 -
    thricegreat:
    [...] Logically, yes. But I think
    giving some numbers divinity [...] is good though.
    
    
    teethinvitro:
    I am perfectionistic with designs (specifically in measurements, almost to
    a weird level) ... [so] I strive for even-ness in almost everything.
    Imagine a drawing, geometric painting, or a web page. Divisions of odd
    numbers can have a beauty as well, even though they could be visibly off.
    One could even those out to fix the "off-looking" aspects.
    
    Technically, a lot of numbers have special importance, especially in
    geometry, and I wouldn't disagree that I find myself a slave to such
    perfection, ... but it wouldn't hurt to break notions like that.
    
    For example, we can misjudge what is and isn't in a straight line,
    especially since most of us don't change our angle of vision but instead of
    the angle of the thing we're looking at ... One may intuitively decide on
    what looks best if ruler measurements don't "feel" right (but they are).
    
    Heck, even this file is a victim to me unnecessarily and manually wrapping
    words around a certain line length, and I judge that length by eye.
    
    
    thricegreat:
    ... So is it similar to why I changed the left-right tile size ratio
    (in a tiling WM) from the divine golden ratio to the simplicity of 1:1?
    In this case looking good instead of simplicity.
    
    
    teethinvitro:
    Pretty much.
    
    ----------
    
    Update on January 7th, 2025:
    
    There are "no" imperfect numbers in the sense that any number can be
    multiplied by any other number, meaning all whole numbers have factors.
    Prime numbers' prime factors are 1 and themselves. Any number can be
    divided by 2 to give its half. Theoretically, any number can be halved,
    so when it comes to something like page design, odd numbers are half of
    something too, so they are "allowed." They are clean. You can divide an apple
    of any size into half and it will split into a clean cut. However, if any
    imperfect number exists, it's all the repeating numbers. Those feel unclean to
    use. Dividing with them is impractical. Getting them as a result is impractical.
    Despite that, things perfect thirds do exist, if you change the decimal to a fraction.
    A graphical representation of a third is beautiful and perfect, but it's decimal
    is not, because when you multiply 0.3333333333... by 3, which should be 1, you get
    0.9999999999.... Not good. The number stretches infinitely towards 1, yet it is
    never 1, but multiplying 1/3 by 3 yields 1. How come, then, a value like pi
    does not have a perfect fraction that represents it that we know of? It should
    theoretically exist. If you divide decimals by each other, they can be multiplied
    by certain numbers until their fraction is whole-to-whole. The simplest number
    to use is 10.
